{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red44\green44\blue44;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c22745\c22745\c22745;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Counterstrike became immensely popular in the years after it\'92s release, and during that time four sequels were made by Valve. Counterstrike Condition Zero (2004), CS Source ( 2004 new engine) , and  finally CS:GO (2012).\
\
In 2011, Igor Levochkin released the first version of \'93CS Portable\'94 a CounterStrike clone created with the unity game engine, and designed with mobile gaming in mind. It quickly became popular in the russian gaming community, and amongst \'93mobile gamers\'94 around the world.\
\
The game was made available for iOS, Android, and PC (as well as any browser with Unity compatibility). \
\
In 2012 the game development team, \'93Critical Force Entertainment\'94 was founded by\cf2  
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Veli-Pekka Piirainen, and with Igor as a member it continued to update and improve what was now called \'93Critical Strike Portable\'94 (as the name \'93CounterStrike Portable\'94 posed a legal liability). 
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
Igor left the team in 2013 due to a lack of motivation for the project. Development continued, and the game saw an updated ui, and other features. However, fans were displeased with the new version of the game, as it added no notable features other than it\'92s less than stellar UI.\
\
As Critical Strike\'92s popularity grew it attracted a competitive player base, and by October of 2014 an ESL Europe CSP tourney was set to be held. However, just a week before the ESL Kickoff a group known as GameAnarchy hacked all of CSP\'92s servers, and rendered the game unplayable for anyone in a multiplayer match. The hack put players under the map, and gave them a popup which explained that the only way to play the game was through GameAnarchy\'92s \'93protected servers\'94. In the end Critical Force was able to track down the hackers with the help of the authorities, and the vulnerability was patched. This wasn\'92t in time however, as the ESL Kickoff had to be postponed until December of that year.\
\
Unfortunately, CSP\'92s problems with Hacking were only getting worse, due to it\'92s unorganized source code, and uncontrollable player base, Critical Force Entertainment ceased development on Critical Strike shortly after the October 2014 attack. However, this wasn\'92t the end for Critical Force Oy, or Critical Strike. In 2015 the alpha for a new critical strike game called \'93Critical Ops\'94 was released.\
\
The new game was easier to manage for Critical Force, Sported better graphics, and a better monetization system (skins).\
}